foreign thank you for coming tonight
we have some real goodies lined up and what I want to do is what I always do
not give you any kind of theory or any idea just to jump into the sources
tonight we're going right down to that formula we're going to look at a few just a couple of lines of it and follow
the trail that leads us so that we can penetrate and see that right as it's
being performed
[Music] thank you
[Music]
tonight I want to jump off right into the work um because I know that I have you for a
short time but before I do so I'd like to introduce to you tonight's spirit it's always nice
to bring along and ancestor to the group and mine here is with us tonight here
um this is Harry Hansen and Harry's horse and Harry Hansen was in the U.S Cavalry
I picked him up in Tucson Arizona where he had his last job
and um with the Cavalry anyway Harry was a great guy quite a quite a uh quite a
soldier quite a drinker ended up drunk in formation kicked out of his unit
um it the commanding officer of that unit was George Custer yes so he was
shipped West and ended up as a prison train guard um anyway about a decade later he
managed to guard this gentleman on the way from Arizona to Florida and it was
there that he realized the world was topsy-turvy that this was no
Criminal that he was with but was a great leader
of his people you could say a king in his eyes he was a king anyway he shared
his tobacco with him uh in order to bring him some sort of Honor in the
midst of his circumstances to the children of that man um I say Greetings
tonight I want to start with a Greek passage from right off the bat here from uh our text
our theriac right from the ehignon the ahidnon through the ahidna
this is gonna get this is gonna get uh quite dark and dense with the reality of
the ancient magic and cult so hold on to yourselves
yes yes I'd like to turn to line 71
71 I'm just going to read it to eobolon day
yeah if someone of the eoboloi eoboloi
you ask what are eoboloi um we'll get to them let me just finish a few lines here if someone of the
eoboloi should be overcome in the bending
or if someone should take that hated potion of Black Death
you would prepare the cup equally
in the darkness and at dawn
providing the cup of Hillary
to those overcome
yes yes yes and
you would always lead a breathing person
to the bed of Love most willingly
taking pleasure in such pain killing
power oh Caesar oh Caesar yes beautiful and um what is
going on here who are these eoboloid let's just go through this and take a to we'll take a little photo
um jaunt for you here as we're doing this but I just want to start at the beginning if you are to consume if one
of the yellow is to consume this potion
of cyanic death the blue death
the dark Death yes if wants to it to consume it the Galena
Hillary gallaney good goddess is the subject of our entire text
um that goddess will be able to protect you in those dark
harbors yeah yeah and um so who are these
I want you to consider who are these people who would be doing this who in their right mind
um which cult members would be doing this right this is part of the initiation so these eoboloi are those
literally who carry the EOS or who throw it's it's really throwing the idea is
projectile to throw it so we're thinking arrows yes yes we're thinking arrows
let's go to eobolos when we get a chance we're thinking arrows and we're thinking poisons
and we're thanking those who are using them right look at this entry
yobolos shooting arrows isn't that nice and notice the Little Greek word talks
on that was Alice by the way let's keep Alice up there for a minute not a civil war talks on right that's a bow or an
arrow or a bow and arrow um or an English a toxin yes same root
right same route why because these are poison arrow wielding people
and these people are active in the use of a whole bunch of different drugs
meant to induce something called oysters oyster Mania the thing that the person
gets who is stung s
yes yes okay as we're reading this I want uh we're going to continue but I
want you to look at um let's let's finish eobolos throw eobolos up there again let's get that yes shedding Venom
venomous of animals right of animals um look down at the last one number two
it says of arrows poisoned and it gives you the orphic hymn 12 lines 16 12 lines
16. can we go to that we have that yes let's go to that that one the orphic
the next passage yes good good good good good and what who is this orphic hymn to
the orphic hymn is to Heracles he's not who you think you um you've been living
in a fairy tale world I love doing this I absolutely love doing this you've been living in a fairy tale world right
um yes now who is the real Heracles whoo yeah quite a different fellow
quite a different fellow let's just look at this one line yes look at this ah what does he do he
sends out the command here at the end is to send out his
kalapas his curies um what are curies curies are the death
spirits that come for you in your Justified right moment usually they're
depicted in a Battlefield where the Ares is that repelling force
of War they're usually there and you know different cultures pick these up in different ways but they're the spirits
that go along and harvest they rip the soul from the body
isn't that nice anyway that's what Heracles sends and how does it say he sends it there says he sends it with his
arrows with his arrows his flying go back please
yes with his flying eoboloy his flying yobiloy yes the delivery mechanism of
his EOS bring us up the EOS please chewy
next definition that we're getting to down here maybe there we go EOS take a
look at this EOS in one case it's an arrow notice that the bottom good arrow
and then let's go to the next EOS oh look at this poison as of serpents
poison as of serpents that's the base of everything that they're talking about
with this um communion toxin right it's an arrow toxin that they're using so again get
your bearings know where we are you can kind of see the people around us dancing you know who they are okay let's go back
to I'm going to read you a couple of things from that translation again if one of these guys from the eoboloi right
one of these poison throwers um by the way it's also an apathet um Artemis
is called E okay Ira e okay Ira she who
dispenses the EOS
isn't that nice and that's why she's a Huntress and a midwife a Huntress and a
midwife it's the poison that connects both of those things because she's using
the poison in her hunting and in her Midwifery isn't that great isn't that great
if one of these yoboloi should be overcome and the bending
yeah and should take or should take if somebody should take the Poma of the
black death now realize that is a specific medicine slash communion drink
the the poem is like the sacred drink this
is the communion right it's the prepared cup that you're taking potion old old
word you can translate it as potion but then you start to sound like we're drifting into uh you know
something extremely modern yeah um it's the potion of
cyanic death interesting that they would call it the um so then you would prepare he says you
would prepare the cup right that and you do it um through the transition it's
strange but you do it through the transition from that dark night
to the dawn because that's what we're doing here is we are bringing the dawn
back to the person who has entered into the death this is good cult stuff I mean
come on this uh yeah wow um yeah people might want to tell you
things about ancient Cults it's never worth it go to the cult itself watch how
they're interacting remember this is Nero by the way for those of you who are asking the question what does this have
to do with the Bible right the person who is reading this who it's addressed
to that person is the person who beheaded another cult leader
yeah very popular cult leader whose influence became
a profound impact so you've been reading the fairy tale now we've landed in the
history and you can see oh wait a minute the dude will be headed the other dude what are the drugs that he was into
right what are the drugs what's going on right why is he all the way back in Rome
this is fantastic yeah so you prepare that cup um for the one overcome right you set
out that kylex you set out that cup you prepare it for the one damn noise
that comes from tomato or demao or dumb now that that one too
they're often the same root it's the Delta Mu and it means to be subdued by something to be overcome
when you're in that potion you were overcome by that Force and do you know
who you use in that place you use
oh who is he like remember we're plugged in with the analog type who is Dom nomineeus he's
the one who emerged when Rhea the flow
the pair of Chronos when Reya reached into the Earth
as she was giving birth and clenched the ground in her hands
came forward okay that's nice that's nice
um I'll show you the magic words at the end but I will not give you their meaning
um yes you have to you have to derive that on your own
um which you will let's do that though um let's go forward so I wanted you to
see that passage of uh you know what is
um and by the way they're leading him to the bed right they're leading the initiate to the bed
and there's a lot about chafing earlier on there's a section about chafing and
about penile problems and about it's all very osirian if you've listened to it
it's like being I'll describe it this way as I'm sitting there reading it and
having said that guys we've got to step back for a second say this document that
Nero has managed to get his grubby hands on this document preserves a very very
very beautiful art um it is using Expressions that are also
used technical terms that are used by the famous priest nakander even Cicero
um had read in the Candor right and the Candor is a priest of Apollo you like this Clary and Apollo the god
of the oracle this is who he is and he's writing to a friend of his in one of his
Works who happens to be the priest of Reya civilly
performing the rights of Addis and they're um he's composed a song The canners
composed a song for this guy and it has to do with guess what the the drugs the
drugs within the right and um the poisons and everything
um Immaculate it's it's gorgeous let's go to a little nikander let's bring him up shall we some nikander give me that
in the Candor text yeah oh look at this look at this
um this is yeah this is Nikita I just want you to read from hate at the end of the line like when the bakans boasts and
um shout shout out shout out what the Orcs and mouse that song that they have
that song that they have bring it back up please good good and they are what look at the last word in that line
oysteroi what are they Under the Influence they're under the influence of that that ostrich that holds its head
back isn't that descriptive oh he's the one who said nikander said
you gotta watch the fire of Medea that stuff will kill you
yeah anyway good stuff I love it I love it there's one more in the Candor can we go to the next passage maybe yes yes
um here I put the uh this is the great translation for anybody who doesn't uh
have nakander is gallon showfield did a fantastic leave it up did a fantastic
um translation to the best of their ability look a lot of the plants and stuff not so good right because it's
vague right but and they're using a Priestly language so it's a little bit you know in times of borders and kind of
insanity what did he say that anyway um look at this let not the evil ferment of
the Soul injure of man it will often swell up in his chest at other times it will choke him when it is
fostered over the Viper's coil deep in its lair sucking up the monster's venom and the
noxious breath from its mouth this is the evil ferment which they call fungi
in general for to different kinds different names have been assigned so you know what that
mushroom is and you know that that mushroom
um is especially grown to take in the
influence of the Viper that ferment
that ferment um is what that mushroom is yes
right look at this look at the Greek it's beautiful it's mama
right the ferment uh and this is why now all of a sudden it makes sense to you
all right okay first let's finish the picture you see you're watching the Vipers they're crawling around doing
their thing and their dens and these mushrooms are there the mushrooms are absorbing those toxins they're absorbing
that breath that vitality all right that comes through the Viper
for those of you with ears to hear you'll hear and now as you wake up you
know why Jesus said watch out for the manna right watch out for that fermentation
that fermentation the fermentation of the
Pharisees yeah the fermentation of Pharisees now I
know I call them Generation of Vipers right it's we're working under the same system right Jesus is no dummy he's
picked up the right he's picked up the influence from uh nikander I forgot to
tell you is like second century BC second century BC and is so popular
Everybody by first century when Jesus and his crew are out everybody there is
he's in the atmosphere right one of the few that is and it works
really um or had a huge effect there's a lot of Byzantine work done specifically
on the Candor right um most classical Scholars avoid him like the plague
um because his Greek is impenetrable
Yes you heard me his Greg is impenetrable if you want it next time
somebody boasts to you that they can show you great flash up the very first
thing that we uh um our bit from Nero today that we had just flashed that up
he won't be able to translate I guarantee you I guarantee you people and you and let me tell you why because in
that passage our hopox lagoma words that only appear here right
so we have problems we have problems in translating this stuff what do we do we
do what the victorians did we run back to hisekius we resurrect this guy from
the fifth century fourth and fifth centuries we resurrect him we said tell
us what these words mean and we go back to Aisa and we look at ISA and we see
what she we see what she what she says can we have the next reading we need to proceed we have eight nine more minutes
until we self-destruct yes one of those sure let's go
um I want you to look at damadzo just to be overcome to be overcome look at
um I want the second one here just take a look at the number three of the powers
of nature to overpower Dom nomineeus baby dominaus
okay keep going this is this is real you know we are we are at the
um place where the magician comes into being I mean we're with the dactyls
we're with the dactyls this is good good old magic this is Mycenaean stuff right
this is snake goddess Ville we love this okay let's get another reading up here
um yes oh why not let's go ahead and throw up the ephesia gromita right the
Ephesian words right um these were written well they're written in a lot of places in antiquity
um you can look it up and find yourself a list of what sources we have to have them
um but you you really want to talk about the Temple of Artemis right at Ephesus
where this cult seems to be coming from these words are words and of course they
have this wonderful library look at this wonderful library right this is coming from the Cults that you and I are
worshiping you and I are working with now right this libraries
that's where it's coming from Pythagoras says that right um if you want to found a city you
should build a temple of the news right start you start with your Museum anyway let's put up the Ephesian letters
and what people have traditionally said about these is that
these writings is that it reflects an older language is it Greek well it's
expressed in Greek yes yes nope the very last let's go to the very Ephesian
letters here at the end there we go
okay and um look it's expressed in Greek you can see it in Greek ascion kataskion
leaksion or I see it now if you don't know if you don't know what any of these
words mean um you're at a loss what they're used for is to prevent
to prevent any sort of activity um Quantum activity if you will that
would be an attack upon oneself it's a defensive measure
um uh report supposedly uh you know there are people famous people trying to take
it away who use them right um Marcus Aurelius being one of them but whatever
um yeah so what do they have to do what do they have to let's see what people
have traditionally made of them pull that up yes askion and uh they say perhaps has
something or ancient sources something to do with shade perhaps please leave that up thank you and um leaks yeah what
is the leaks if you look this one up in hesitius you can find out what it means
and um it'll be part of a piece of the puzzle for you to put together
um he'll tell you about the plagios right anyway um Tex rocks tetrocks right is that the
four cornering is that the um Four Seasons are we getting into the Ori well what
about the next name yeah right dumb nominees now the I see
on and I see her right he's the power by the way the damn Domino's is the one who is performing the initiation he's the
one who's going through the actual right right it's the diamond in the individual
becoming one right it's an act of possession it's an act of possession
um but if you look at I see on right and I see ya
right and you'll notice that we have for the first time a very good example of
insertion with c as in C boule um right in the middle of the word to
interrupt the flow and this is something you're going to catch over and over again in the PGM that they're doing they
play with syllables they reverse them they turn them around um they'll take half of one and make an
insertion like we just saw and those are the operating those words that they're doing that with
are the operators look through the PGM the Spells and you'll see that there are
specific operating words so that is a an incantation that was popular in
Antiquity if you could perform it properly if you could perform it properly
um and it had to be repeated in a very specific way so the The Voice could
access that invisible Dimension around you know it's
like um using that voice creates visibility yeah yeah so
um yeah fantastic uh the sex part you promised the sex right
um you'd notice that they were leading the gentleman to the bed to the bed and he um the the person who
is being initiated engages in a sexual activity at a specific time
under the influence of specific drugs so as detectives we're one step closer
if we just step back um and look at the crime scene right the mob is there they're all
yelling out kill him right you got a whole group of people just pissed saying
kill him he's arrested in a public park at 4am with in the com company of a naked boy
um and the naked boy has what is arguably a medicated bandage used in cult right
involving the making of a cup yeah
yeah and the consumption so we have to stand back when I say okay I know that
within these rights we have other examples of people who are engaged we the Greek word there was coitus you know
we get coitus from it um so
we now have your honor we now have a
motive here we have other contemporary Cults that are doing the same acts that
are involved in drug-induced ritual that is sexual in nature so this
is where now you see why the London Times said this area is the last Wild
Frontier of classics right um
it it's truly an open field the fact that nobody is working on this is only a
Frac is only a caused by our own societos um
laziness you know people don't want to study these texts because it's hard it's hard you give that sheet to any
Professor any Professor who claims to be especially one of these religious historians give them that and say okay
smarty who says they translate great translate this yeah you watch what happens because some
of the words are some of the words are rooted in Traditions that they don't
follow if you want to know the good stuff um you gotta drink the fire you know
what I mean you gotta go deep and you gotta see you got to see what's going on okay thank you very much now we're going
to turn to Rob who is going to rob tell me something I wanna I wanna put this
quote up on the screen and I want people to see and I want you to tell me a
little bit if you can about the gentleman um that we're we're putting up here yeah
um I would like to write a book which would drive men mad which would be like an Open Door leading them where they
would never have consented to go in short a door that opens into onto
reality thank you Mr arto Right um tell do you do you want add us
something if if you could resurrect this man from the grave would there would he have anything interesting to say
relevant oh yeah interesting unrelevant yeah well it's a
story and it's um it's a very interesting story that goes back uh he's an ancestor to some degree I
don't know what degree he's an ancestor but to some degree he is and uh we were
talking about him last night and you've you've really got me going into the
research and I've got start at the beginning I've got to go back to the beginning and I've got to go to the
Discord a Discord that's happening
on the beaches of Troy I want to take you back to the beaches of Troy where there's a Discord going on
between agamemon and achilles there's prizes that have
been distributed and there's there's a plague you mentioned the plague
recently and there's a plague going on and they're trying to appease the plague
Apollo sent the plague and um the try to appease it and prizes have got to go
back and prizes are getting mixed up and distributed about and achilles isn't happy
Achilles is just about to draw his sword
and agamemon is has been disgraceful towards him and he
feels it so he's about to draw his sword and down comes Athena and we all love
Athena you know she's even Achilles loves Athena he listens to it she comes
down and she she stops him she stops his she checks his rage
and she's probably the only person Achilles would listen to so he listens
to it and he checks his rage and he leaves and he walks away he walks away from
the problems he's having um he makes his way to a beach he loses his prize and he makes his away
makes his way to a beach and he sits on the beach and
he's looking at the Gracie and that's all that's all he's doing
so I get to this point with Homer in the beginning of the early
art and I'm thinking can I introduce hero
colitis would I be able to introduce him and um because he's a miserable shot Harry
client he says you know it it doesn't um it doesn't mix well it does it doesn't
go get go into town that often he takes himself off and he
likes to take himself off and achilles just took himself off so I'm thinking maybe
we've got this tire machine and I can I can move out of colitis next to
Achilles for give him a bit of advice Maybe this guy is a
there's a hell of a philosophy uh not much of Hope man if
if you know you're having classes they thought Homer should have been clubbed and thrown out but here we are and I
want to sit with Eric era closes to sit where the kill is and if chewy you can
bring up me first my first image please
we're not prepared on this end with the images do you have uh here we'll search
for him you get you uh you keep going with narrative okay well I'll just come with the quote then we've got we've got
a quote from heraclitis and the quotas what opposes unites
and the finest achievement stems from things bearing in opposite directions
and all things come about by strife and uh
I'm going to read this again a water poses unites and the finest
Attunement stems from things bearing in opposite directions
and all things come about by strife and I think Achilles listened to this
point and so we moved into peer gauge now I've got
little things all littered around my screen here and it all stems in one question
I've got one question for the gallery out there and anyone who's interested in
almonds work and interested in getting involved anything I kind of got an example of how
fascinating these things can be and how they can work they're they're incredible the they
showed the question is how do we get from the marquish desard
to the center of the universe and I've got this littered all around
everywhere and I think what I've been given is a merit of shorts It's a gentleman
I'd like you to look into and you've seen his quote at the beginning
but we're looking for recognitions I'm looking for recognitions and unless and
recognitions of herself the entire subjects everything
um you've been asking for a spell you've been asking for magic and I bought you
something else we're going to have a look at it we're going to have a look at this spell tonight and it's dark it's
extremely dark uh if you thought Marcus The Shard was bad then
get ready for this one ah so what can you tell us rather about
the Asylum what is the um is there a benefit
because both the ghosts that you're that you are
um bringing together here two two of the several that you're bringing together
um brilliantly is uh they were in insane asylums um the Marquee was an insane asylum
correct and um correct me if I'm wrong but was artel as well correct 10 years
10 years and then even then even in care when is a group of friends helped get
him out got him out of this island he was in that's where we'll go to the Ville de
verard and we'll move into lunatic Island and we'll View
and I I hope you've got this one Cheerio if you've got the the image of the spell
and we'll go into a spell and we'll find out how we get from the Marquis to Shard
all the way to the great mother can I believe real quick Rob go ahead
and email me that thing again and we'll get it up here uh get it to me again it's not coming through on our end okie
dokie how did we get to Jacob's Ladder
and how do we get to the center of the universe let me just uh get this up then I'm
sorry
so as we're waiting as we're waiting for this um people uh should be thinking about
things like um French film
and yeah um yeah and should be tracking down a tote if I'm saying you know um if
I'm pronouncing his poor name properly um but yeah
okay I've done that again Auto yes okay
so let's bring let's just bring it together for people as Chewie gets this
let's just bring it together for people and um make sure that they see this is a necromantic act right we have to bring
together uh these forces we're performing necromancy go ahead can
you put that up Olivia let's see if we what what we've got is a gentleman who's treated as a lunatic and locked away is
a lunatic he essentially is um one of the most brilliant men there is around his time and he's
recognized for these facts by Matisse by Picasso by all the intellectuals around
Dennis day um this gentleman is
taking a quite a hit in his life basically because he didn't have the finances to keep himself out of a
lunatic asylum so then he was put in a lunatic asylum by decree
that's where he's gone and the uh the friends decided they went and
visited him and then they thought were a terrible State what what what what a
change in them 10 years is tremendous he'd been in there and had over 50 bouts
of Electro shock therapy various degrees of therapy that just ruined you and
there we have there we have the spell and this is a guy who is qualified
he knows his stuff is not a person
who doesn't know how to write a spell this is self-titled spell it's from me
the 14th 1939 and it's addressed to Madame masal Marseille
and she never received this letter Madame Michelle must say never received this it's purple crayon and colored
pencils and you can see the state of it it's burnt it's got beans anything
it's and I'll take you through the description in the book kitchen
and it was made on the third and fourth pages of a letter signed and dated
as as I've said the letter with its spell must have been entrusted with a
visitor who had come to see Otto at Ville everard to be delivered to
the addressee who never received it the paper is being in several spots and one
Outer Edge and cigarette with a cigarette or much it reads
you will live a dead woman you will not cease
departing this life and descending and I send you
a force of death
shocking never mind read it to us read it to us Rob one more
time I want to hear that I want to hear it one more time you will what and say it again you will live a dead woman
you will not cease departing this life and descending I
send you a force of death it's a death threat
fantastic it really knows what they're doing
fans fantastic that isn't that great you look what you did you brought up what
the news did we wear them yeah yeah that's that's what I'm trying to
get across to right now to you to your listeners to the people who
watch is I never expected this I never expected this return off yesterday that's the end
of yesterday and I'm very young give me research anything and I spoke to him on last night and
we just thought it was fantastic and he asked me to come on and talk about it also show me face because I have
disappeared and um that's where heraclitis comes in for me
her classes is uh I took a a bit of solution Harry colitis for a while I
took a step out and that quote is fantastic have you got that quote where you can get it up for
mature each name it's number one because I think that's really important
is yeah no it's okay it's okay we're gonna have to call it there okay
is trying to get across so how do I get from a death threat spell
for what is all intents and purposes the work of a man locked away in a lunatic asylum
it's poverty stricken he's addicted to opium his destitute
and he's had all this he's had all this treatment what's ruined him completely
ruined him how do we get from that death threat to something good
in this gentleman I I how do we uh why am I presenting this guy why would I
present this guy to you who's writing death threats and why why why would we be interested in
this Jack then you've got to ask the same question of all the intellectuals around in
France of his day of his day these intellectuals got together
and the um meditation Picasso among other artists
sold Works sold parts of their works there's a is a fund for him and he put a
benefit on for him at the share of being hard Center and
all these all these intellectuals of the day came out and they read actually oops
from his work and celebrated him and he is celebrated
in France right now and he's honed off essentially I've never heard of him
and the only reason I did hear of him is because of that last name
Auto and uh I've got I've got a relative he was an auto I've
got a great great Granddad he was a french guy who came over from France as a master builder
he had no money either but he came over as a master builder and made made his way and
I have no idea what the link is there but it seems like when I've looked through this chapter artwork and I've
looked through this Chap's interests and have a look through his images and I've
seen quite a few recognitions and as I say at the beginning they were looking for
recognitions I want people to recognize these things such as how how we treat
these people yeah and that recognition that that
was disgraceful it's absolutely disgraceful we you know come on you
could be treated the shame and you've you've had comments on on the YouTube you've had
comments on the Discord and dealt with will be dealt with and you know but but they come through in
the disgusting these things are they're disgusting now the way they can treat people and in
another day day and another time we'd be burnt I'd have been I'd big bands for
reading out to spell I I was actually was just this this guy
was an atheist he was a complete atheist and he was very very intelligent and he
knows his stuff you can tell in all his quotes you can tell in all the markers you look for
you know as I say he's took me to
he's took me to the to the to the battle yes the there's a there's a word that I
want to share and it's battle and I'm gonna cut off there I'm not
because because this is a long thing this is this isn't gonna just end end today with one presentation or one
conversation about it this is a long conversation this guy is well read well
studied and in all the things we're becoming well read and well studied then
so it seems and I think he's got a lot to offer us
that France um um puts it those who are inspired by The
Muse into into insane asylums is that a uh is that a
bigger statement on life what do we leave with that this is Mr Rogers which
it isn't but if it were um what would that leave us with you you gave me two gentlemen who were put into
Geniuses that were put into into insane asylums are is it is that because the
physics of the universe just doesn't is that just what it bends toward is that is that the bending we all have to
become lunatics and throw our heads back and become bakkens so they can put us away is that where you're going with all
of this now where I'm going with all letters the Ancients knew better didn't they the
Ancients knew better than they didn't have lunatic asylums did they We're The Lunatic asylums
come on can you answer that no no lunatic asylums you're really talking
about um Exiles and um yeah the guys hanging out the
homeless people that hang out at the cemetery right those are your lunatic asylums
right and and the and the prisons right those are where the board and
there are some in the palace there's some lunatics yes yes or all the
emperors because that's where we're going to go
we're going to go to an emperor with this chap this church wrote a lot
he's wrote a lot about succubation incubation
he's wrote a lot he's wrote a lot about Emperors and that won't reveal everything
on this on this one occasion I just wanted to introduce the guy and I wanted to explain
where the bean and what I've been up to and how this subject can affect just a normal
individual I'm just a normal individual doing normal things right living a regular life
and I've attempted to drop this subject I've attempted I've tried I've tried
dropped the subject and try to carry on with normal life you know do the regular
stuff like DIY in and The Irregular stuff and it's it's all consuming it's all consuming at
times and you have to take a break so I did and I took a break and in them two
days I receive this and I can't ignore this
you can't ignore it can you something like this comes you see the name Auto
and you just an enemy and I shouldn't be
but I am I don't know how we got here I don't know why I'm delivering this but I am
no idea why yeah and to that to that I say hail Satan and uh uh beautiful yeah beautiful
look we're gonna have him back we're gonna have our toe back right now he's he's one of our ghosts so yeah get
comfortable with him get comfortable with them and that's why I want other people on the Discord I want nothing to
be to be working toward this goal of gaining these souls and and pulling them
out of that nether where they are and bringing them back because their voices
are the powers that are behind what's going on right everybody here believes
the fairy tale we all believe the fairy tale until you get to the crime scene and
then your reality opens up and all of a sudden these ghosts they're all
pertinent they're all relevant to what we're doing so yeah um we are necromancers Congregation of Satan don't
forget that Rob thank you very much I'm gonna call it I'll be able to come to
Discord for um just 15 20 minutes tonight
um but uh Rob I think the dead owe you a
gratitude thank you I'm a great student I think I have everybody gratitude I am
very grateful but I'm young man and I have to do my own thing and by doing that I think I'll get there
yeah in other ways that's right hail Satan all of us you have your own hail
Satan all the best [Music]
all right [Music]